Answer following questions
1. What is View? What are the benefits of using views?
A view is a virtual table whose contents are defined by a query. Like a real table, a view consists of a set of named columns and rows of data
The benefits of using views:
To Simplify Data Manipulation: Views can simplify how users work with data. 
You can define frequently used joins, projections, UNION queries, and SELECT queries as views 
so that users do not have to specify all the conditions and qualifications every time an additional operation is performed on that data 
Views enable you to create a backward compatible interface for a table when its schema changes. 
To Customize Data: Views let different users to see data in different ways, even when they are using the same data at the same time. 

2. Can data be modified through views?
Yes.

3. What is stored procedure and what are the benefits of using it?
A Stored Procedure is a type of code in SQL that can be stored for later use and can be used many times. 
Stored procedure can centralize your Transact- SQL code, increase
database security and have faster execution. Use stored procedure also can reduce the
network traffic and encourage code reusability.

4. What is the difference between view and stored procedure?
A view represents a virtual table. You can join multiple tables in a view and use the view to present the data 
as if the data were coming from a single table.
A stored procedure uses parameters to do a function whether it is updating and inserting data, or returning single values 
or data sets.

5. What is the difference between stored procedure and functions?
The function must return a value but in Stored Procedure it is optional, it can returns single or multiple values.
We can use transaction in SP. But cannot use transaction in function.
Functions can have only input parameters for it whereas Procedures can have input or output parameters.
Functions can be called from Procedure whereas Procedures cannot be called from a Function.

6. Can stored procedure return multiple result sets?
Yes.

7. Can stored procedure be executed as part of SELECT Statement? Why?
No. Because procedures are not allowed in sql statements.

8. What is Trigger? What types of Triggers are there?
Triggers are a special type of stored procedure that get executed (fired) when a specific event happens.
Types: DDL triggers, DML triggers, Logon triggers.

9. What are the scenarios to use Triggers?
a.Enforce Integrity beyond simple Referential Integrity
b.Implement business rules
c.Maintain audit record of changes
d.Accomplish cascading updates and deletes

10. What is the difference between Trigger and Stored Procedure?
We can execute a stored procedure whenever we want with the help of the exec command, but a trigger can only 
be executed whenever an event (insert, delete, and update) is fired on the table on which the trigger is defined.
Stored procedure can take input parameters, but we can't pass parameters as input to a trigger.
Stored procedures can return values but a trigger cannot return a value.
We can use transaction statements like begin transaction, commit transaction, and rollback inside a stored procedure 
but we can't use transaction statements inside a trigger
We can call a stored procedure from the front end (.asp files, .aspx files, .ascx files, etc.) but we can't call a trigger from these files.

