Answer following questions
1.	What is an object in SQL?

2.What is Index? What are the advantages and disadvantages of using Indexes?
Indexes are database objects based on table column for faster retrieval of data
Advantages:
To quickly find data that satisfy conditions in the WHERE clause.
To find matching rows in the JOIN clause.
To maintain uniqueness of key column during INSERT and UPDATE.
To Sort, Aggregate and Group data.
disadvantages:
Additional Disk Space
Insert, Update, Delete Statement become slow

3.What are the types of Indexes?
Clustered Index Non-clustered Index 

4.Does SQL Server automatically create indexes when a table is created? If yes, under which constraints?
Yes. Under primary key constraint and unique constraint.A clustered index automatically created when a primary key is created
a nonclustered index is created by default when unique constraint is applied

5.Can a table have multiple clustered index? Why?
No. There can be only one clustered index per table, because the data rows themselves can be stored in only one order. 
The only time the data rows in a table are stored in sorted order is when the table contains a clustered index.

6.Can an index be created on multiple columns? Is yes, is the order of columns matter?
Yes. An index can be created on multiple columns.
No, the order does not matter. Each column is considered individually.

7.Can indexes be created on views?
Yes. 
Indexes can only be created on views which have the same owner as the referenced table or tables. 
This is also called an intact ownership-chain between the view and the table(s). 
Typically, when table and view reside within the same schema, the same schema-owner applies to 
all objects within the schema.

8.What is normalization? What are the steps (normal forms) to achieve normalization?
Database Normalization is a process of organizing data to minimize redundancy (data duplication),
 which in turn ensures data consistency. Normalization has a series of steps called “Forms”, 
the more steps you take the more normalized your tables are.
There are four steps: first normal form, second normal form, third
normal form and BCNF.

9.What is denormalization and under which scenarios can it be preferable?
Denormalization is a database optimization technique in which we add redundant data to one or more tables. 
This can help us avoid costly joins in a relational database. 

10.How do you achieve Data Integrity in SQL Server?
Data integrity is the overall completeness, accuracy and consistency of data.
Data integrity is usually imposed during the database design phase through the use of standard procedures and rules. 
It is maintained through the use of various error-checking methods and validation procedures.

11. What are the different kinds of constraint do SQL Server have?
NOT NULL Constraint.
UNIQUE Constraint.
DEFAULT Constraint.
CHECK Constraint.
PRIMARY KEY Constraint.
FOREIGN KEY Constraint.

12. What is the difference between Primary Key and Unique Key?
--1. unique constraint allows one null value but primary key does not
--2. a table can have multiple unique constraints but only one primary 
--3. unique constraint doesnt sort the data but primary key sorts
-- primary key will sort the result set based on the column where you applied primary key 
--4. unique constraint by default creates non clustered index but primary key creates clustered index

13. What is foreign key?
A foreign keyis a field (or collection of fields) in one table, that refers to the primary key in another table.

14. Can a table have multiple foreign keys?
Yes. A table can have multiple foreign keys

15. Does a foreign key have to be unique? Can it be null?
No. It doesnt have to be unique and yest it can be null.

16. Can we create indexes on Table Variables or Temporary Tables?
Indexes cannot be created on table variables, but can be created on temporary tables.

17. What is Transaction? What types of transaction levels are there in SQL Server?
Transactions by definition are a logical unit of work  
Transaction is a single recoverable unit of work that executes either:Completely,or Not at all
The different Isolation Levels are:
Read Uncommitted (Lowest level)
Read Committed
Repeatable Read
Serializable (Highest Level)
Snapshot Isolation












